file:///home/terke/Documents Documents
file:///home/terke/Downloads Downloads
file:///home/terke/Music Music
file:///home/terke/Pictures Pictures
file:///home/terke/Videos Videos
file:///etc/skel /etc/skel
file:///home/terke/DOTFILES DOTFILES
file:///home/terke/DATA DATA
file:///home/terke/ARCOLINUX ARCOLINUX
file:///home/terke/ARCOLINUXD ARCOLINUXD
file:///home/terke/ARCOLINUXB ARCOLINUXB
file:///home/terke/Dropbox Dropbox
file:///home/terke/.config .config
file:///home/terke/.config/i3 i3
file:///home/terke/.config/bspwm bspwm
file:///home/terke/.config/sxhkd sxhkd
file:///home/terke/.config/polybar polybar
file:///home/terke/.config/termite termite
file:///usr/share/applications applications
file:///opt /opt
file:///usr/share/icons icons
file:///usr/share/themes themes
